Copy Mediapackage elements from the publication to mediapackage (#3554)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/workflowoperationhandlers/publication-to-workspace-woh.md

# PublicationToWorkspaceWorkflowOperationHandler

## Description
The PublicationToWorkspaceWorkflowOperationHandler can be used to copy the content form publication channels to workspace.

> Wit this Workflow one can copy or maipulate published elements without reencoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PublicationToWorkspaceWorkflowOperationHandler can be used to copy the content from publication channels to workspace.
With this workflow one can copy or manipulate published elements without re-encoding.
```

## Parameter Table

|Configuration Key  |Example           |Description                                           |
|-------------------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------|

> |publication-channel|engage-player     |the publication-channel for example interal or engage-player or oaipmh   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|publication-channel|engage-player, internal, oaipmh    |the publication-channel |
```

|source-flavors     |presenter/delivery|the "," seperatated source flavor list to move        |
|source-tags        |engage-download   |the "," seperated source tag list to move             | 

> |target-tags        |archive           |the "," seperated of tags to add to the moved elements| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|source-flavors     |presenter/delivery|the "," separated source flavor list to move        |
|source-tags        |engage-download   |the "," separated source tag list to move             | 
|target-tags        |archive           |the "," separated list of tags to add to the moved elements| 
```

# PublicationToWorkspaceWorkflowOperationHandler

## Description

> The CopyWorkflowOperationHandler can be used to copy the content form publication channels to workspace.

Reviewer 2: Copy paste error

CopyWorkflowOperationHandler -> PublicationToWorkspaceWorkflowOperationHandler

Wit this Workflow one can copy or maipulate published elements without reencoding.
## Parameter Table

|Configuration Key  |Example           |Description                                           |
|-------------------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------|

> |publication-channel|engage-player     |the publication-channel interal,engage-player,oaipm   |

Reviewer 3: Based on the description, I'm not sure if this is supposed to be one value or a comma-separated list.

|source-flavor      |presenter/delivery|the "," seperatated source flavor list to move        |
|source-tag         |engage-download   |the "," seperated source tag list to move             | 

> |target-tags        |archive           |the "," seperated of tags to add to the moved elements| 

Reviewer 3: Mixing singular and plural here is pretty confusing. I suggest always using “tags”.

> \* mandatory configuration key

Reviewer 3: Since none are marked as mandatory, this line is unnecessary

Notes:

> This is working since opencast 11. When publication channel data is also stored in the elastic search index.

Reviewer 3: This can go since this will only appear in the Opencast 12 docs at the earliest.

## Operation Example

>     <operation id="publication-channel-to-workspace"

Reviewer 3: Indentation.
Plus, I suggest using XML highlighting:

    ```xml
    …
    ```
